Addition of relevant documentation about adding documentation (#694)
pyrsia/pyrsia: docs/get_involved/doc_workflow.md

All the documentation is visible on GitHub and https://pyrsia.io website, so it's important to keep in mind
there are some limitations and extra features that might be availble. You might want to refer to the [website's standard features](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features#standard-features) if you are unsure.

## Structure Guidelines

All the documentation for Pyrsia should live in the [pyrsia/pyrsia](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia) in the [`docs`](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/blob/main/docs) folder.

All subfolders should have a `readme.md` with a good title, as a level one header, and the
[front matter for position](https://docusaurus.io/docs/api/plugins/@docusaurus/plugin-content-docs#sidebar_position)
the folder on the website. Make sure to pay attention to the other folder numbers.

All documents should have a `.md` file extention. If you need more customization you can use `.mdx`, see 
[here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/react) for more imformation. All files need a level one heading to provide the
page with a good title.

## Previewing Changes

> Currently it is only possible to preview you changes locally, you should be following the [contributing guidelines](https://pyrsia.io/docs/get_involved/contributing/#dev-flow) and have worked the repository. To preview the changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently it is only possible to preview your changes locally, you should be following the [contributing guidelines](https://pyrsia.io/docs/get_involved/contributing/#dev-flow) and have worked the repository. To preview the changes:

```

Reviewer: I'm not sure what 'have worked the repository' means? but that could be just me :)

> 1. Clone the [website's repository](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia.github.io) or your own fork.

Reviewer: if you need a fork to preview, it's better to state that in this step already? 
```suggestion
1. Fork the [website's repository](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia.github.io) and clone your fork.

```

2. Modify [this line](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia.github.io/blob/main/package.json#L6)
   - Change `pyrsia/pyrsia` to your fork, (e.g `octocat/pyrsia`)
   - Optionally, you can change the branch by replacing `main` with `your-branch-name`
   - You can [check this example](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia.github.io/pull/66/commits/c317f9dab8f6bcde5f8588ca75858db72241930d)
4. Follow instructions described [here](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia.github.io#website) for "local development"

> If you make changes to you fork of the `pyrsia/pyrsia` repository, you can restart the local server to update documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you make changes to your fork of the `pyrsia/pyrsia` repository, you can restart the local server to update documentation.

```

All the documentation is visible on GitHub and https://pyrsia.io website, so it's important to keep in mind
there are some limitations and extra features that might be availble. You might want to refer to the [website's standard features](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features#standard-features) if you are unsure.

## Structure Guidelines

All the documentation for Pyrsia should live in the [pyrsia/pyrsia](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia) in the [`docs`](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/blob/main/docs) folder.

All subfolders should have a `readme.md` with a good title, as a level one header, and the
[front matter for position](https://docusaurus.io/docs/api/plugins/@docusaurus/plugin-content-docs#sidebar_position)
the folder on the website. Make sure to pay attention to the other folder numbers.

All documents should have a `.md` file extention. If you need more customization you can use `.mdx`, see 
[here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/react) for more imformation. All files need a level one heading to provide the
page with a good title.

## Previewing Changes

> Currently it is only possible to preview your changes locally, you should be following the [contributing guidelines](https://pyrsia.io/docs/get_involved/contributing/#dev-flow) and have worked the repository. To preview the changes:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently it is only possible to preview your changes locally, you should be following the [contributing guidelines](https://pyrsia.io/docs/get_involved/contributing/#dev-flow) and have forked the repository. To preview the changes:

```
